---
layout: post
title:  "Week1: UGH + OMG"
date:   2017-03-04 00:00:01
categories: updates
---
Week one one goddamn rollercoaster. My most frequently felt emotions were: elation, curiosity, frustration, self-doubt, and enthusiasm. 

The end of the week left me (oddly) energized and ready for more.

<b>Pair Programming</b> <br>
App Academy has students pair program the majority of the day after the morning lecture. This was the HARDEST thing to get used to, but also the EXTREMELY effective (when it worked). You can read about pair programming online, but you're basically with someone the ENTIRE day, switching roles between the nagivator and the driver. There are breaks for lunch and snack, but other than that, you are expected to work through problems with your partner, communicating all day. 

On the days that pairing worked, I felt deeply satisfied. Having someone with me all day is a great way to keep me on track. There's no fking around, and no time to log onto instagram to mindlessly scroll through health food bloggers and puppies. All of partners supplemented my learning by explaining concepts I didn't get, or simply providing syntax shortcuts I might have missed. Although at 6 pm, I'd be exhausted from firing on all cylinders all day, I always had the energy to do my homework after a short break.

<b>Seriously Having Fun</b> <br>
It's been a week of fun, but I've been pretty damn serious through it all. I'm so enthusiastic about solving problems, but I also got pretty upset if my partner was being disrespectful. Some partners were control-freaky, and another was constantly checking his phone. When I perceived someone as hindering my learning, I got frustrated beyond belief. Taking time to explain something to someone is critical to learning, but waiting for someone to stop texting is not. But this is a learning experience, and I intend to get learnings out of the interpersonal situations as well. I'm hoping to apply a lot of the direct, in-moment feedback skills that I gained from my time at Medallia to simply tell someone when they're annoying me. 

<b>Recursion</b> <br>
Recursion is an amazing, terrible magician. When I solve a recursion problem, I feel like I'm floating on cloud nine. I feel a pep in my step and a warm, fuzzy feeling permeates my entire being. When I get stumped, I feel like a complete failure. I have to prevent a trip from turning into a tumble which could turn into an uncontrolable roll into the depths of despair. And it's damn hard. There's nothing that throws me off my game more than feeling stupid. 

<b>Take Care of Yourself</b> <br>
This week's main lesson is for me to continue taking care of myself. At the end of the week at 'circle time', our TA asked us to raise our hands if we were exhausted by this week. Everyone else's hands shot up. I raised mine after realising I was the odd one out, but quite honestly, I really just felt energized. After talking to the other students in my circle, I realised that I was the only one who was consistently getting 7-8 hours of sleep a day. For the first time in my 'schooling' career, I optimized for sleep. I got done my work for the day, but if I was deeply stuck on anything, I tried to sleep on it. The TA explained that this was one of the 'easier' weeks in terms of workload, so I estimate that while my 8 hours won't be sustainable, I intend to take them while I can. I also made it to the gym three times this week, and made all of my meals except for a weekend breakfast! Feeling Proud. 

<b>Thanks</b> <br>
This week's thanks is to my mom. Every day when I packed my lunch, I thought of her. For so many years, she made three meals a day for our entire family. Not the shitty hardboiled eggs, cauliflower, and raw spinach ones I make for myself, but delicious exciting food I looked forward too. Others would have peanut butter and jelly for lunch, but I was blessed with chipotle and zucchini spaghetti. She never ONCE complained about this, even when responsibilities with her job were also hectic. Her heart is one of gold. I hope to be half the person she is.

<b>Summary</b> <br>
I can't explain what I feel right now. I LOVE solving problems. I love explaining a strategy I've created. I love learning from others. I love taking care of myself. I love being frugal. I love biking. I love being happy. I think the amount of happiness I've felt this week has been the most I've felt in a long time, including weeks when I've been on vacations in far off lands. I hope it continues. 
